Protecting Singleton From Reflection And Serialization (#26623)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: guide/english/software-engineering/design-patterns/singleton/index.md

An important thing to note is that `static` properties and methods are lazy initialize by default meaning that it will not be instantiated until it is being called, therefore it provides some optimization.

> Also, Basic implementation of singleton is breakable by reflection, serialization and multithreading. So it needs extra care while implementing this pattern depending on the usecase. Here is [goodread](https://medium.com/exploring-code/how-to-make-the-perfect-singleton-de6b951dfdb0) about Singleton.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, Basic implementation of singleton is breakable by reflection, serialization and multi-threading. So it needs extra care while implementing this pattern depending on the use-case. Here is a [goodread](https://medium.com/exploring-code/how-to-make-the-perfect-singleton-de6b951dfdb0) about Singleton.
```
